I think it's time for a
haul hey everybody welcome back I'm
clearly in a good mood because I'm going
thrifting yes yes yes yes yes yes I've
done this video two other times and
they're actually like one of my favorite
videos to film I love taking you guys
thrifting I just love going thrifting
and I always feel like it's so fun to do
it with friends obviously in this video
I'm going to be doing it alone but you
guys are my friends so I'm taking you
guys along with me and we're going to
Thrift my dream winter wardrobe in my
other two Thrift with me videos I was
back home in Chicago where the thrift
stores are a little bit more limited as
opposed to New York City which is so
dense in thrift stores and vintage
clothing stores the only thing is the
price point is a lot higher so the goal
of today's video is to still keep it the
original type of thrifting not how it is
now where everything's like super super
expensive I wrote down a list of stores
around Manhattan that are mostly
secondhand stores they're not like
curated vintage stores today we're going
to go to lower Manhattan we're going to
be around Parsons and NYU my idea is
that all the stylish kids go there so
whatever clothes they don't want they
put in the you know in the Goodwills and
the crossroads like all those things so
I don't know we'll see if I'm smart for
that anyways I have a wish list my first
tip for thrifting is that it's very
smart to go in with a clear vision in
mind maybe make a mood board on
Pinterest or screenshot a bunch of like
outfit info you see on Instagram on Tik
Tok I have a theme for this Thrift trip
it's '90s minimal SLS superm model sheet
which is very like simple clothing yet
it's sexy Silhouettes it's flowy it's
somehow still formfitting and the color
palette that I'm going to be thrifting
today that's also my second tip Thrift
with a color palette in mind otherwise
you're just going to buy a bunch of
random stuff I really want to find
clothing that is Olive colored chocolate
Browns charcoal gray light gray black
and white cream just simple Sleek
clothing that I can definitely layer on
top of and use all together because it's
winter time that's what winter is for is
to layer and to use a bunch of pieces
and have fun with it so let's go I'm
really excited our first store is going
to be Crossroads see you there watching
that back I realized I actually did not
give you guys my wish list just the
general theme let me quickly run it down
for you so you're not confused I'm
looking for a black cardigan maybe an
olive sweater or cardigan I need a lot
of sweaters so that's the main goal is
just sweater sweater sweater a chunky
bangle or ring that's like the enamel
material I don't know if I'm saying that
correctly maybe wooden Bangles things of
cool materials in different colors I
want really cool button-ups or blouses
maybe striped polka dot and then of
course for it to be within my color
palette and then we'll see what else we
find the world is my oyster it's our
oyster now we can actually
go upon entrance the first thing that
caught my eye was the massive wall of
bags I actually never seen such a big
selection at a thrift store I feel like
at least in my past experience one of
the first things that caught my eye was
this bright red true little bag I liked
it but I didn't love how modern in a way
it looks I really tend to look for more
vintage style bags so I ended up leaving
it behind and then I just racked through
for a little bit longer lots of like
satchels I don't know kind of cool but
nothing nothing interesting I've been
secretly wanting a beret for so long I
feel like it'd be so Chic for the fall
and winter season to spice up any outfit
but I'm not going to lie I don't love
how they look on me as much as I wish I
did and then we got into the Nitty
Gritty of it all I was obsessed with
this Crossroads the selection was insane
and I'm almost 100% sure it was because
it was next to a fashion school when I
got to trying on there was quite a few
like good name brands for reasonable
prices I found a lot of sweaters mostly
because I stuck to the sweater and long
sleeve section I really like this anina
Bing sweater this was a cute little I
don't even know how to describe this
looking back I actually love how the
sleeves bubble up at the shoulders
knowing myself I would have loved it in
the moment and then probably would never
actually grab it from my closet whenever
it's not a complete definite yes I just
decide to leave it
[Music]
behind Okay this um I'm still in shock I
found this and that I was in plain sight
and it wasn't snatched up quicker than
you would expect I was so lucky to have
found it maybe somebody had just put it
out or something because not only is
this a guest fa for coat the color is
insane it was $20 like I am spoiling a
little bit I'm foreshadowing the thrift
haul of course I got this are you
kidding look at it look at it it's
insane so I was super excited I found
this okay and this was another amazing
find this is a Marc Jacobs cable nit
sweater the most luxurious thick sweater
I've ever put on my body everything was
incredible until I find holes holes in
the sleeves this was the most upsetting
thing like I was so obsessed with this I
just I couldn't bear the disappointment
but I had to leave it behind because
there was no fixing it up next is Thrift
NYC this was like right around the
corner from Crossroads I was over
stimulated to say the least I personally
love to put in my headphones listen to
my own music and kind of be in my own
world when I'm thrifting so anytime I go
into a thrift store and it is the most
obnoxiously loud music blasting
throughout the store I can't I can't do
it there's already so many things to
like take in but yeah I I kind of left
quickly because I needed a break shortly
after was Beacon's closet I'm pretty
sure I've been to this exact location
like 2 years ago it was insane like
great items price is not so great though
I will say a lot of options a lot of
shoes if you're looking for designer
items that are more fairly priced as
opposed to like a curated designer store
I would go here but that was not what I
was looking for by the end though I
think everybody had just gotone out of
school so like half of Parsons was
inside this Beacon closet was Mayhem
[Music]
all right it's the next day which means
we're going thrifting again hence the
title of the video today we're going to
a few different thrift shops in the
Chelsea area if you guys didn't know I
currently go to Fashion Institute of
Technology which is a fashion College in
Chelsea Manhattan there's actually quite
a few thrift stores right around the
area there's like a Goodwill a Sal Army
but the two that we're going to start
off at is Buffalo Exchange and Second
Street those are a little bit more cated
I've actually been to that Buffalo
Exchange when I first visited fit and I
found the most insane pair of Chloe
wedge heels for only 40 bucks they have
a really good selection I'm really
excited and we're right back my school
which is great if I need to use the
bathroom I can literally just like go to
my school I don't know I don't know why
that came to mind looking for the same
things although I think today I am going
to have more of an eye out for
accessories and shoes yesterday I was
solely looking at tops which I still
will do you can never have too many tops
bottoms you can always like rotate tops
the more the merrier in my opinion
another big thrifting tip that I have is
always dress comfortably and wear
something that you can easily slip on
and off as well as wear something basic
because in the occasion that the thrift
store does not have a fitting room it's
nice to wear just a simple tank top I'm
wearing just jeans and then you can try
things on easily and see how it would
look I'm wearing Uggs so I have ultimate
walking Comfort dress comfortably all
right let's go
okay I love Second Street shops I've
been to a few I've been to one back home
in Chicago I've been to one in Japan and
this was the second one I've been to in
New York City I love how everything is
so organized they have labels for every
single section whether it's just broken
down by like blouses sweaters pants they
also have like Y2K they have grunge they
have Street Wear I had a really good
time in the Second Street just racking
through the shoes were great I spent
quite a good amount of time looking at
their shoes I love this pair of brown
heels downside is I didn't see a fitting
room I'm pretty sure there isn't one in
the Second Street then I walked by this
random store it was literally right by
Second Street it's called garage sale
vintage um it's also a bar it was such a
cool store definitely more like vintage
old esque style clothing again headed to
the sweaters I really liked this BCBG
sweater I just the low V I don't really
know I guess a tanked top under but too
casual for what I was aiming for a lot
of nice colors purple Pur Blues then I
found this little gray buttonup cardig
again I really like the Pearl buttons on
[Music]
it all right I think it's time for a
haul so you guys came thrifting with me
yesterday and the day for that I was
debating going thrifting again today but
I figured it would be smartest to just
stop here my previous Thrift hauls have
been quite big and that's because
they're from my local Goodwill where I
can just buy like a top for $5 it's very
different here in New York so but I'm
very very happy with what I got also I
don't have that much space in my
apartment so I have to be extra picky
about the clothes I do allow into my
space I think I was very intentional
this time around I've become such a
picky Shopper which I really appreciate
about myself because I used to be a
shopping addict yeah not anymore thank
God anyways here are some receipts but
here is the goodies the goodies I think
we should start off with our first
location which was indeed Crossroads
that was my favorite thrift store I will
be returning if I would have gone
thrifting today I would have gone back
to that one or the crossroads in East
Village which is also really good so if
you ever come to New York or you live in
New York and you want to go thrifting I
would suggest Crossroads has a place in
my heart I can't and you can sell your
clothes there too which is great so
let's start off with a bang shall we oh
my God guess guess guess mama I love
guess fa fur coat do you see the color
of this I'm just now thinking and
realizing it's kind of giving Cora devel
which I love I've always wanted to dress
up as her for Halloween have yet to do
so but anyways I think it is stunning it
is not the warmest thing the interior
the inner lining is like very flimsy I
guess you could say it's very thin the
sleeves don't keep me warm at all and I
tested this Theory because on Friday
night I went out and I wore this you
guys I went to a restaurant I walk in
within 5 seconds I sit down the two
ladies next to me plus the person I was
with complimented my coat and they were
like oh my God that is stunning that is
beautiful all these things I was like
thank you thank you thank you yes I know
I was biting my tongue not to tell them
that I literally had thrifted it earlier
that day I'm so proud of it so I'm like
glowing right now like I'm just like
beaming with joy I love it like it was
made for me it wasant for me and it
buttons up which is really really nice
the buttons are super discret I barely
notice them which is nice cuz it'll keep
me warmer than if it were just like open
facing this is like the first actual
full fur piece that I have I have one
other coat that's like fur lined this o
we're off to a great start if you ask me
okay sorry that was the longest I'll
probably talk about an item next okay I
was really excited about this I love to
have nice loungewear to kind of prance
around in my apartment at home and
something that keeps me warm cuz my
apartment is not the warmest I know this
um heater she's picky with when she
wants to disperse heat so I was really
excited when I found this beautiful
little slouchy cardigan black and gray
striped I told you guys I was kind of
looking for Stripes polka dot I love
those type of patterns in my clothing
this is actually an All Saints cardigan
I got this for
$29.85 so that was Friday I did end up
going to two or three more stores after
that didn't find anything there
yesterday I started off at 2 Street I
have a larger shoe size so thrifting
shoes in the first place can be quite
difficult vintage shoes older shoes or
just like a common shoe size I always
see is like a seven or an eight in
women's perfect beautiful pristine coach
pumps I have another pair of Coach pumps
not coach pumps mules that I got on
thread up and to this day they're my
prized possession and these are just
they're brand new and also I love that
the inner what is this like the so it's
like a little metallic detailing I love
the studs I love the chocolate brown
color I told you guys I was looking for
chocolate brown clothing or accessories
whatever it may be I'm obsessed I also
don't own very many pumps most of my
heels are actually like an open back so
this will be nice especially for the
winter time because if I do want to
dress it up I can have that extra
support a girl can never have too many
heels they're super comfortable which is
always really nice when you have a heel
so I'm just really excited about how
incredible of a condition they're in I
saw them on the Shelf snatched them
right up and I was like beautiful that
was second streight very happy with that
and then I popped into this random store
that I had no idea about but it was
right next to Second Street I've been
wanting black leather gloves in general
for the winter time especially I don't
know why in my head I've always imagined
this little detailing here on top of
that a little extra layer I've been
looking for fur lined black leather
gloves so when I saw these it was like
right before I was about to leave I was
like wait a second let me try them on a
little small like they're a little bit
of a castle to get on but they fit
nonetheless and I think they're
beautiful this is the try on for this
item I love this little like Buckle
detailing over here super Chic keep my
fingers nice and warm this one last
place was Buffalo Exchange I was really
struggling in there I'm not going to lie
I was feeling kind of over stimulated
tired I guess my final tip is always go
in with something in your stomach energy
and be in the mood for it otherwise
you're not going to last drifting can
take it out of you so if you're not
there with a good head space good luck
babe but nonetheless plus I did end up
finding this beautiful Mason Mason Mama
v-neck button-up slouchy long sleeve
cardigan you could say I love it I love
the detailing I love this texture that's
on the cardigan it's a very nice
material it's almost like a little sheer
see-through moment super super cute not
a huge fan of this like little orange
pink line stripe thing going around but
it's not super noticeable I would say
overall I love it I also love how
there's kind of like a roughly sleeve
going on I'm very excited just to have
this as a nice little piece this was $30
so that is what I found thrifting in New
York if you guys want to see more videos
like this if you enjoyed watching this
video I have so many other places around
the city that I've either been to and
would love to go to again or haven't
been to and would love to go thrift at
so if you guys are interested let me
know and I can definitely make more more
of these videos and you know I live to
Thrift the seasons are always changing
my style is ever evolving so I hope you
guys enjoyed watching me Thrift again if
you've never seen the thrift with me I
did back home in the summertime I'll
link it you guys should go watch it
because it was pretty fun and I found a
lot of things then I love you so much I
will see you in next week's video Mah MW
MW love you
[Music]